Themes update docs (#883)
telerik/blazor-docs: accessibility/accessibility-swatch.md

> ---

Author: Done

published: True
position: 7
---

# Ocean Blue Accessibility Swatch

The [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/) sections [1.4.3 Contrast (Minimum)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#contrast-minimum) and [1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#contrast-enhanced) define the required contrast ratio for compliance. The WCAG Level AA requires a contrast ratio of at least 4.5:1 for normal text and 3:1 for large text. WCAG Level AAA requires a contrast ratio of at least 7:1 for normal text and 4.5:1 for large text. Telerik UI for Blazor library conforms to WCAG Level AA with the Default Ocean Blue theme swatch (available as of **3.2.0** version).

You can test the accessibility swatch in our [live demos](https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/grid/overview) - it is initially selected in the `Change Theme` menu.

Telerik UI for Blazor distributes the Default Ocean Blue theme swatch via several resources. Read more in the [Swatch Distribution]({%slug themes-swatch-distribution%}) article.

In addition, it is also available in:

* [Themes CDN]({%slug themes-swatches%}#built-in-themes-and-swatches-list)

> * [Sass Themebuilder](https://themebuilder.telerik.com/blazor-ui) - for testing and [possible configuration]({%slug themes-custom%})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Sass Themebuilder](https://themebuilder.telerik.com/blazor-ui) - for testing and [color customization]({%slug themes-custom%})
```
